---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "udoma_case_template Resource - terraform-provider-udoma"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource represents a template for raising cases
---

# udoma_case_template (Resource)

Resource represents a template for raising cases



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `access` (List of String) The list of accessibility options for the case template
- `custom_inputs` (String) The custom inputs to be displayed on the reporting page (as serialized JSON)
- `name` (String) The name of the case template, shown in the admin page

### Optional

- `ad_categories` (List of String) The list of ad categories for the case template
- `config` (Attributes) Defines custom behaviour of a case, based on the case template that was used to create it (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `confirmation_text` (Map of String) Text for the confirmation window before submiting case
- `description` (Map of String) The description of the case template, shown in the reporting page
- `icon` (String) The icon to be displayed on the reporting page
- `info_text` (Map of String) A longer introduction text, shown in the case specific reporting page
- `label` (Map of String) The short label to be displayed on the reporting page
- `name_expression` (String) The name expression used to generate the name of cases based on this template
- `version` (Number) The version of the case template

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number) The date and time the template was created
- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the case template
- `last_updated` (String)
- `updated_at` (Number) The date and time the template was last modified

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `automatic_actions` (Attributes List) The configuration for automatic status changes of a case. This is 
			used to determine which status changes are allowed by which party at which time. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--automatic_actions))
- `reminders` (Attributes List) The configuration for sending out reminders for a case. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--reminders))
- `status_config` (Attributes List) The configuration for the status transition of a case. This is 
			used to determine which status changes are allowed by which party at which time. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--status_config))

<a id="nestedatt--config--automatic_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.automatic_actions`

Required:

- `action` (String) JS script of the action that should be executed, if the schedule and execution
        check are successful.
- `schedule` (Number) The number of days after which the status change should be triggered. The 
        schedule is reset, whenever the case is updated. 0 means that the action
        should be triggered immediately.
- `status` (String) The status in which the case has to be, for the automatic action to be triggered.


<a id="nestedatt--config--reminders"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.reminders`

Required:

- `schedule` (List of Number) The number of days after which a reminder should be sent out. The list is 
        taken as provided and a reminder will be set for the amount of days as set
        in the first element of the list. Once that time has passed, the reminder
        will be rescheduled for the next element in the list. This is repeated until
        the list is empty. The values in the list are considered relative to the
        previous reminder. So [2, 2] will send out a reminder after 2 and 4 days.
        The reminders will, however, not be sent out on weekends. So if the first
        reminder is sent out on a Friday, the second reminder will be sent out on
        Tuesday. All reminders are reset, whenever the case is updated.
- `status` (String) The status in which the case has to be, for the reminder to be sent out.


<a id="nestedatt--config--status_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.status_config`

Required:

- `action` (String) The action that is allowed to be executed for the below statuses 
				and parties.
- `parties` (List of String) The parties that are allowed to execute the action.
- `source_status` (List of String) A list of possible statuses in which the case must be, so that the 
				configuration applies.

Optional:

- `feedback` (Attributes List) Optional list of feedback that is requested from the party 
				executing the action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--status_config--feedback))
- `notify` (List of String) The list of parties that should be notified of the status change.

<a id="nestedatt--config--status_config--feedback"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.status_config.feedback`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the feedback that is requested.
- `mode` (String) The mode in which the feedback should be requested.
- `visibility` (List of String) The list of parties that should be able to see the feedback.

Optional:

- `form` (Attributes) A custom form to collect data with (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--status_config--feedback--form))

<a id="nestedatt--config--status_config--feedback--form"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.status_config.feedback.form`

Required:

- `inputs` (Attributes List) The inputs that will be displayed to the user (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--status_config--feedback--form--inputs))
- `layout` (Attributes List) The layout of the form, which groups and inputs will be displayed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--status_config--feedback--form--layout))

Optional:

- `groups` (Attributes List) The groups of inputs that will be displayed to the user (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--status_config--feedback--form--groups))
- `validation` (Attributes List) The validations that will be performed on the data provided by the user (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--status_config--feedback--form--validation))

<a id="nestedatt--config--status_config--feedback--form--inputs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.status_config.feedback.form.inputs`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the input field, used to identify it within the form. If no target value is set, this will also be how the value is stored and later accessed in the collected data.
- `type` (String) The type of data that will be retrieved by that input. This also controls how the input will be displayed to the user.

Optional:

- `attributes` (Map of String) Optional set of settings for the input field, such as min/max values. Those will vary depending on the type.
- `default_value` (String) Optional default value for the input field (as a JSON string)
- `display_condition` (Attributes) Optional condition that must be met for the input to be displayed. If the condition is not met, the input will be hidden. This overrides the required attribute. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--status_config--feedback--form--inputs--display_condition))
- `ephemeral` (Boolean) If true, the value of the input will not be persisted. This is useful for checkboxes for accepting terms and conditions, etc.
- `items` (Attributes List) Only used when the type is select or multi select. This is a list of values that the user can choose from. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--status_config--feedback--form--inputs--items))
- `label` (Map of String) The label for the input field as a language dictionary (e.g. 'What is your name?')
- `placeholder` (Map of String) An optional placeholder to use for the input field. If not set, a default one will be used based on the label of the input.
- `propagate_changes` (Boolean) If true, changes to the input will be propagated to event listeners for the custom form.
- `readonly` (Boolean) If true, the user will not be able to change the value of this input
- `required` (Boolean) If true, the user will be required to provide a valid value for this input
- `target` (String) Optional attribute name to use when exporting the value of this input. If not set, the ID will be used.
- `tooltip` (Map of String) Optional tooltip to be displayed next to the label (hover or click on icon). This is useful for providing additional information to the user.
- `view_label` (Map of String) Optional label to be displayed when viewing the input field (e.g. 'Name'). This is useful when the label is not suitable to be displayed in a view.

<a id="nestedatt--config--status_config--feedback--form--inputs--display_condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.status_config.feedback.form.inputs.display_condition`

Required:

- `operand` (String) the operand of the condition
- `source` (String) the source field, which will be checked
- `value` (String) the value of the condition, as serialized JSON


<a id="nestedatt--config--status_config--feedback--form--inputs--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.status_config.feedback.form.inputs.items`

Required:

- `id` (String) The technical value that will be stored in the collected data
- `label` (Map of String) The label to be displayed to the user as a language dictionary



<a id="nestedatt--config--status_config--feedback--form--layout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.status_config.feedback.form.layout`

Required:

- `ref_id` (String) The ID of the entity that will be referenced
- `ref_type` (String) The type of the entity that will be referenced


<a id="nestedatt--config--status_config--feedback--form--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.status_config.feedback.form.groups`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the group
- `items` (Attributes List) the IDs of the inputs that will be displayed in the group (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--status_config--feedback--form--groups--items))
- `type` (String) The type of the group

Optional:

- `bottom_divider` (Boolean) if true, a divider will be displayed below the group
- `icon` (String) the icon to display (only used for pages)
- `info` (Map of String) The info of the group
- `label` (Map of String) The label of the group
- `min_size` (Number) the minimum number of items that must be submitted in the group (only used for repeat groups)
- `nested_display` (Boolean) If true, the nested group will be displayed in a nested UI (only works on mobile and tablet). This is useful for more complex group that require more space to be displayed. The group will be displayed in a separate screen, and the user will be able to navigate back and forth between the group and the main form.
- `subtitle` (List of String) Optional subtitle for repeat groups. This will be computed dynamically based on the data provided by the user and will be displayed as a subtitle in the group accordeon. The values are interpreted as JSON paths based on the data for the group.
- `target` (String) the attribute name to use when exporting the result of this group (only used for repeat groups)
- `top_divider` (Boolean) if true, a divider will be displayed above the group

<a id="nestedatt--config--status_config--feedback--form--groups--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.status_config.feedback.form.groups.items`

Required:

- `ref_id` (String) The ID of the entity that will be referenced
- `ref_type` (String) The type of the entity that will be referenced



<a id="nestedatt--config--status_config--feedback--form--validation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.status_config.feedback.form.validation`

Required:

- `expression` (String) a JS expression that will be evaluated to determine if the validation passes or fails
- `id` (String) the ID of the validation, used to identify it
- `message` (Map of String) a map of values, where the key and values are strings
- `target` (String) the index of the input should be highlighted if the validation fails (nesting is supported via dot notation)
